[enphase] Initial contribution (#9883)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.enphase/README.md

# Enphase Binding

This is the binding for the [Enphase](https://enphase.com/) Envoy Solar Panel gateway.
The binding uses the local api of the Envoy gateway.
Some calls can be made without authentication and some use a user name and password.
The default user name is `envoy` and the default password is the last 6 numbers of the serial number.
The Envoy gateway updates the data every 5 minutes.
Therefore using a refresh rate shorter doesn't provide more information.

## Supported Things

The follow things are supported:

* `envoy` The Envoy gateway thing, which is a bridge thing.
* `inverter` A Enphase micro inverter connected to a solar panel.
* `relay`  A Enphase relay.

Not all Envoy gateways support all channels and things.
Therefore some data on inverters and the relay may not be available.
The binding auto detects which data is available and will report this in log on initialization of the gateway bridge.

## Discovery

> The binding can discovery both the Envoy gatewaye's and the micro inverters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The binding can discover both the Envoy gateway's and the micro inverters.
```
